Add  database integration guides (#342)
wso2/ballerina-integrator: docs/learn/guides/database-integrations/mongodb_integrations/insert_data/README.md

> # Reading data from a CSV file and inserting to MongoDB

Reviewer: Can we shorten this title somehow?

Author: Fixed

## About 

> Ballerina is an open-source programming language that supports developers to integrate their system easily with the support of connectors. In this guide, we are mainly focusing on importing CSV file having contacts into MongoDB using FTP connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina is an open-source programming language that empowers developers to integrate their system easily with the support of connectors. In this guide, we are mainly focusing on importing a CSV file with contacts into MongoDB using the FTP connector.
```

Author: Fixed

`wso2/mongodb` module allows you to perform CRUD operations on Mongo DB.<br/> 

> The `wso2/ftp` module provides a FTP client and a FTP server listener implementation to facilitate an FTP connection 

Author: Fixed

> to a remote location. You can find other integrations modules from the [wso2-ballerina](https://github.com/wso2-ballerina) Github repository. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to a remote location. You can find other integration modules from the [wso2-ballerina](https://github.com/wso2-ballerina) Github repository. 
```

Author: Fixed

## What you'll build

> This application listens to a remote FTP location and when a CSV file is added to that FTP location, it will fetch the CSV file, reads its content and insert the content into Mongo DB. Then a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application listens to a remote FTP location and when a CSV file is added to that FTP location, it will fetch the CSV file, read its contents, and insert the content into Mongo DB. Then a 
```

Author: Fixed

> success message is logged if the operation is successful, .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
success message is logged if the operation is successful.
```

Author: Fixed

![inserting csv data to mongo db](../../../../../assets/img/mongo_insert.png)

## Prerequisites

> Link to download ballerina integrator.

Reviewer: Don't you need VS Code, MongoDB, and Java we well?

Author: IMO, as those are common to every guide we should not include them here.

## Implementation

> The ballerina project should create for the integration use case explained above. Please follow the steps given below. You can learn about the ballerina project and module in this link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Ballerina project is created for the integration use case explained above. Please follow the steps given below. You can learn about the Ballerina project and module in this link.
```

Let's change "ballerina" to "Ballerina" everywhere in this document.

I guess you are pointing to https://ei.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/ballerina-integrator/develop/using-modules/

Author: Fixed

1. Create a project
```bash
$ ballerina new insert_data
```

> Change directory to the insert_data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the insert_data directory.
```

Author: Fixed

2. Add a module
```bash
$ ballerina add import_csv
```

The project structure should look like below.
```shell

├── insert_data
    ├── ballerina.conf    
    ├── Ballerina.toml
    └── src
        └── import_csv
            ├── main.bal
            ├── Module.md
            ├── resources
            └── tests
                └── resources
```

3. Set up remote FTP server and obtain the following credentials:
   - FTP Host
   - FTP Port
   - FTP Username
   - FTP Password
   - Path in the FTP server to which the CSV files are added

    Add the `insert_data/src/import_csv/resources/contacts.csv` file to the FTP path you mentioned above.

4. Add project configuration file by creating `ballerina.conf` file under the root path of the project structure. <br/>
This file should have following Mongo DB and FTP configurations.

```  
MONGO_HOST = "<MongoDB_Host>"
MONGO_DB_NAME = "<MongoDB_Name>"
MONGO_USERNAME = "<MongoDB_Username>"
MONGO_PASSWORD = "<MongoDB_Password>"

FTP_HOST = "<FTP_Host>"
FTP_PORT = <FTP_PORT>
FTP_USERNAME = "<FTP_Username>"
FTP_PASSWORD = "<FTP_Password>"
FTP_PATH = "<FTP_Location>""
```  

3. Write the integration

> You can open the project with VSCode. The integration implementation is written in the `main.bal` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can open the project with VS Code. The integration implementation is written in the `main.bal` file.
```

Author: Fixed
